All right guys so now we're going to jump back into our aged e-mail and we're going to add the three
boxes when what I mean is this right here this location meals and fitness room these features OK so
I'm going to give this a section with the idea of features and then each one is going to be a div and
I'm going to give it a class of box and we're going to style that both those boxes.
So let's go down below our last section which was the home info.
And again if you watch me build Web sites and themes like I said I usually have a header and then I'll
build on each section.
And if you if you take my bootstrap class bootstrap course on you to me I do the same exact thing it
doesn't matter if I'm using a framework or from using just each team all five.
So what's to section.
And let's give this an I.D. of features OK and within this feature section we're gonna have three boxes.
So I'm actually going to do.
Let's do dot box and let's use our image trick of doing asterisk three enter a tab and it'll give us
three divs of the class of box.
So inside here we're gonna have the icon.
I'm gonna get to that after.
So let's just skip the icon for now and let's do an h three and let's say great location and then we're
gonna have a paragraph which is gonna have I believe 10 words to do last 10 like that and then we want
the same thing inside these two boxes.
So we'll paste that in there in there and let's just change the heading for the second one to three
meals
and then the third one is going to be fitness room.
OK.
So just a list of what the amount and these features will save that.
Let's go down.
So it's going to look like this by default.
Now before you get to the CSF let's add the icons.
Now these icons come from font.
Awesome.
So if we go to font awesome font awesome dot com and go to start using free it's going to give us a
link tag that goes to this all dot CSF style sheet which allows us to use those fonts.
So we just want to double click this and copy it's going to control C and then let's paste it up top
here above our link so control V will paste that in.
And now since we have this included we can use certain classes that will give us certain icons.
Now if the font awesome Web site allows us to search for icons so building I actually want to search
for a hotel and it's going to give us some results.
Now there is a pro version to find awesome I believe it's like 50 dollars a year.
I'm not sure I don't have the pro subscription but usually the first one see how there's three hotels
three a squares usually the first one is free and then these ones as you can see have the little pro
icon.
So we want this first one this first hotel I'm going to click on it and what we want to look at here
it shows us the icon different sizes and stuff.
But what we want to look at is this tag this I tag with this class and you're gonna have two classes
you're going to have one that's just the font awesome class and then you have one that is the actual
what the icon is in this case it's the hotel.
So we can actually just click it and it copies it for us and then we can go back into our hmo.
Let's go right above this H3 and paste that in let's bring that over and we'll save it and let's go
back to our page here and notice.
Now we have a little hotel icon.
Now this is too small.
We could change the font size after all it is a font but there's actually classes that we can use to
change the size.
So if we add in a class here of F A Dash three X Casey of 2 x to 3 to 5 x I believe and it will change.
It'll basically be three times as big.
So let's save it and go back.
And now we have a much bigger icon.
OK so the other icons we want.
I'm just going to copy this eye tag here and we're going to paste one in right above free meals.
This one is called FAA utensils
OK.
So if we went and searched for whatever food it will show us the utensils icon and then this one here
is F A Dash dumbbell.
OK.
Let's save that and take a look.
And now we have our three icons so that's it for the H team out for this part.
Now let's style it.
So we're going to go to style CSX and let's go down to the bottom here
so we want to do our features section
which is basically just the bark or we could do a
I'm trying to think if we are going to we're going to use these boxes anywhere else.
I don't think so.
I mean you could use the box as a utility class if you were gonna use them.
Actually yeah let's just do dock box in case we use them somewhere else.
So each box we're gonna float left.
Even though you know they're all gonna be in a row it's not like a left and a right.
We aren't.
We want them all to flow left just like we do with the menu items with the list items.
It'll make them go horizontal and then the width we're gonna set to thirty three point three percent.
OK.
Because we want them to be I want them to all be even and there's three of them.
And then for padding let's do 50 pixels.
And since we have border box up here as us value for box sizing since we put that there this padding
will not get added to the width.
If you don't put the ball in a box then it's gonna get added and it's not going to look right.
Okay.
And then the last thing is they just want to align everything to the center.
So text align center and let's save that and take a look.
Good.
So now everything is aligned horizontally.
I do want to add a margin bottom to the actual I tag to the icon.
So let's say dot box I and let's say margin dash bottom 10 pixels.
OK.
Now for the background remember we have those utility classes the big classes.
So instead of coloring you know adding box or whatever we're gonna grab on to those classes and put
them in our each team.
So this first div with the class of box I wanted to have a light background so I'm gonna add BJP light
and we've already I added the style for these.
The second one is gonna be BJP dash primary because we wanted to be that tan color and then the last
one again is BJP dash light and save
okay.
So it looks like I made a mistake earlier.
I think I put the the color as tan here for BJP primary where it should be on the background not the
color.
So let's head back up to big primary
and where is it.
Yeah.
Right here BJP primary so the background should be this not that and then let's see the color
should be that I believe or is the color whites we check.
No that's right.
But let's just move background to the top like that.
All right.
So let's save.
And now the background is the color not the actual text.
OK.
So that looks pretty good.
Now we want to do the footer.
So let's head back to our each team Al and remember we have a semantic each team of five footer tags.
So right under this section let's do footer and I'm actually going to give it an I.D. of main footer
and the reason for this is because you may have you can have photos in other play it doesn't have to
mean a Web site photo like a page photo or it could be a photo or two let's say an article maybe you
have articles where you have a head a header and then you have a footer at the bottom with maybe the
author's name and stuff like that.
So you don't always have to think of headers and footers as page headers and footers.
So let's put a paragraph in here and let's just say hotel
Beattie let's do our copyright entity.
So Ampersand copy semicolon.
We'll do 20 19.
All rights reserved.
OK let's save that.
So by default it's going to look like this.
We need to add a little bit of styling.
So go back to our style sheet and let's grab on to the main footer.
Let's put a comment in here and we'll say.
Main dash footer.
And first of all I want to align everything to the center.
OK.
We're going to add a background.
Actually no.
You know what we'll do is we'll use the big dark on the footer.
Wait a minute.
No we're not going to do that because we want it to be a little lighter than the big dark.
So we actually will out a background
let's do four for four which is a shade lighter.
OK.
So let's make the color white and let's add padding all around 20 pixels.
Save that.
Check it out.
OK.
Let's see are we.
Why is inter padding.
Oh you know what it is.
We've since these three or have been floated.
We need to actually clear that float so let's go up to our utility classes are we'll go under the last
background here and do see a la and let's say float.
I'm sorry not float clear both and then go back to our HD hymnal and right above the footer let's put
in a class of C a la and save.
And now you can see that it's pushed down and that's again that's another thing that just really sucks
about using floats over seas says grid or flex boxes.
Is this clearing stuff.
That's why forget.
All right.
So our home page looks done and again it's not completely responsive I mean it's somewhat responsive
as far as having the max width like the text doesn't go out of the page or anything like that.
But there are some things I would add and I would add some media queries which we're going to talk about
later on.
But for now I think that our home page is pretty good.
So in the next video we're going to move on to the about page which isn't too bad.
We're just gonna have some text rounded image some testimonials.
Then we'll move on to the contact page and we should be all set.
And then I'll show you how we can actually deploy this Web site to the Internet.